## Task
Explore the dataset, communicate your insights, build a validation pipeline, and create some baseline models that predict 'target' column. Feel free to google and contact us for clarifications.

### Dataset description
500K rows

### Categorical variables:
'application_dm_id', 'country_code', 'media_source',
'device_type', 'is_trial', 'app_version', 'campaign_id',
'os_name', 'city', 'adset_id', 'ad_id', 'publisher_site_id',
'device_locale'
Variables are encoded with integers, no order is implied.
is_trial - if a user has subscribed (subscription disables ads)
country_code — country of installation
media_source — the media in which the user has found and followed the installation link
campaign_id — advertising campaign in the media source
adset_id — set of ads in advertising campaign
publisher_site_id — publisher (site, game) identifier in an advertising campaign

### Hierarchies
Hierarchy is the relation between the levels of the categorical variables. F.e. country → city: a city name makes sense in the context of a country.

Dataset’s hierarchies:
country → city
media_source → campaign_id
campaign_id→ adset_id → ad_id
campaign_id → publisher_site_id
Hierarchy is not accounted for in our categorical variables encoding, integer codes were assigned to each variable independently.

### Timestamps:
install_dttm: installation timestamp, UTC

### Numeric variables:
revenue0 - revenue, generated by the user during the day of installation
revenue1 - revenue, generated by the user during the next day after the installation date
…
The same naming convention applies to impressionsN (number of ads views by the user on the Nth day after the installation)

### Target
Column ‘target': LTV_30 (total revenue generated by the user during the first 30 days since the installation)

### KPI
1) n_installs-weighted absolute error for mean cohort target in 100+ installs cohorts. Cohort dimensions: ['install_date', 'application_dm_id', 'country_code', 'media_source']
2) fraction of installs in cohorts with 50%+ absolute percentage error

### Notes
1. Feel free to choose your own metrics, you are not required to optimize the KPI directly as long as your proxy metric is grounded and clear.
2. Traffic sources' properties may have a trend, media_sources may supply us with better or worse users (due to user base depletion or targeting improvements).

## [Данные](https://yadi.sk/d/sqR9NrXmfId2zw) 